# Prediction of adaptor proteins using PSSM profiles and Recurrent Neural Networks.
    The primary role of adaptor proteins is to transport and transmitting a signal. There are often intracellular signaling proteins of modular design, each domain of which may have a specific binding affinity and interact by forming complexes with other molecules inside the cell. A large number of studies have discovered the adaptor proteins to be associated with various human illnesses. Therefore, the process of discovering the function of adaptor proteins is one of bioinformatics and computational biology's most critical challenges. Only a few computational biology studies have attempted to determine protein functions, and almost all of them used position-specific scoring matrix (PSSM) profiles in the process. But unfortunately, the neural networks failed to develop optimal processing sequence information. Our approach is based on deep learning using a recursive neural network architecture to avoid the problem of the neural networks had previously encountered. So, this research claims to have developed a new solution by including RNNs (recurrent neural networks) and PSSM (Position-Specific Scoring Matrix) techniques to solve this problem. 

    Seems to have worked previously with state-of-the-art strategies that had proven effective, our methodology makes significant improvements in all of the common measurement metrics. Our results depend on the six measurements for our models such as accuracy, sensitivity, loss, the area under the curve (AUC), Matthew’s correlation coefficient (MCC), and specificity of both validation and training the model. 

    This study opens the path for Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) and Position-Specific Scoring Matrix (PSSM) structures to be employed in computational biology and bioinformatics. The research approach we promote for is applicable to scientists who aim to improve the prediction results of protein function prediction problems.
